<!---
{
    "titles": [
        "Bad assignment",
        "Invalid left-hand side in assignment",
        "E031"
    ],
    "slugs": [
        "bad-assignment",
        "invalid-left-hand-side-in-assignment",
        "e031"
    ],
    "linters": [
        "jslint",
        "jshint",
        "eslint"
    ],
    "author": "jallardice"
}
-->

### History

This warning has existed in two forms across the three main linters. It was
introduced in the original version of JSLint and has remained in all three tools
ever since.

 - In JSLint and JSHint the warning given has always been "Bad assignment"

 - In ESLint the warning has always been "Invalid left-hand side in assignment"

The situations that produce the warning have not changed despite changes to the
text of the warning itself.

### When do I get this error?

The "Bad assignment" error (and the alternative "Invalid left-hand side in
assignment" error) are thrown when JSLint, JSHint or ESLint encounters **an
assignment expression in which the left-hand side is a call expression**. In the
following example we have an `if` statement with an assignment expression where
you would normally expect a conditional:

<!---
{
    "linter": "jslint"
}
-->
```javascript
function example() {
    "use strict";
    example() = 1;
}
```

JSLint also raises this warning when it encounters **an assignment to a property
of the `arguments` object**. In this example we attempt to define an `x`
property:

<!---
{
    "linter": "jslint"
}
-->
```javascript
function example() {
    "use strict";
    arguments.x = 1;
}
```

### Why do I get this error?

In the case of assignment to a function call this error is raised to highlight a
**fatal reference error**. Your code will throw an error in all environments if
you do not resolve this issue. It makes no sense to assign a value to a call
expression. The return value will be a literal value (such as a string or
number) or an object reference, neither of which can be directly assigned to.
Imagine it as if you're trying to do `123 = 234`.

If you're receiving the warning in this situation the chances are you were
actually trying to perform a comparison rather than an assignment. If that's the
case just ensure you're using a comparison operator such as `===` instead of the
assignment operator `=`:

<!---
{
    "linter": "jslint"
}
-->
```javascript
function example() {
    "use strict";
    if (example() === 1) { // Comparison
        return true;
    }
}
```

In the case of assignment to a property of an `arguments` object this error is
raised to highlight a **bad practice**. The `arguments` object is notoriously
difficult to work with and has behaviour that differs significantly between
"normal" and "strict" mode. JSLint has numerous warnings related to abuse of the
`arguments` object but if you're receiving the "Bad assignment" error the
chances are you can use a normal variable instead:

<!---
{
    "linter": "jslint"
}
-->
```javascript
function example() {
    "use strict";
    // arguments.x = 1;
    var x = 1;
    return x;
}
```

In JSHint 1.0.0 and above you have the ability to ignore any warning with a
[special option syntax][jshintopts]. Since this message relates to a fatal
reference error you cannot disable it.

In ESLint this error is generated by the Esprima parser and can therefore not be
disabled.

[jshintopts]: http://jshint.com/docs/#options
[es5-11.13]: http://es5.github.io/#x11.13
